Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
WORKOUT
BOARD MEETING
SEE MADRID SITE
BLUEPRINT APPROVAL
INVESTOR MEETING
PARTNERS DINNER
CAMPODÓNICO HOTELS
YOU'RE FLYING SOON
EVERYTHING'S READY FOR YOUR TRIP
CHECK YOUR ITINERARY
NETFLIX PRESENTS
CUZCO. PERU
3339 METERS ABOVE SEA LEVEL
TUPANANCHISKAMA HOSTEL
I'm searching for you
Because my lips long for your flaming kiss
I'm calling for you
I'm begging you with heavy words
I need you
Because if I can't see you
My life is meaningless
So I wander
Around the world
Looking for the path
To your heart
Take pity on me
If you have a heart
Listen to the beating
The voice of my pain
But come back
To fill the void you left behind
Come back
Even if it's just to say goodbye
Don't let me die
Without saying goodbye
DAD PRIVATE NUMBER
CUZCO SUPPLIER
ABRA SALKANTAY
ALT. 4600 METERS
Want me to take one?
Sure! Can you please take one?
Of course.
Ready. on three.
One. two. three.
One more. One. two. three.
Are you two a couple?
Yeah. we're on our honeymoon.
Handsome couple.
Thank you. So are you.
Thanks. See you later!
Have a great trip! Thanks!
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
DAD PRIVATE NUMBER
ASSISTANT
MANAGEMENT TEAM
CAMPODÓNICO BOARD
DAD PRIVATE NUMBER
MANAGEMENT TEAM
EGOCENTRIC HOTEL CHAIN…
SEND ME THE SIGNED CONTRACT!
STILL NEGOTIATING. IT ISN'T SIGNED YET.
YOU'VE BEEN AT THIS FOR MONTHS
IF I DON'T GET IT BY TOMORROW MORNING.
SAY GOODBYE TO YOUR "WONDER PROJECT."
I don't want a civilized love
No receipts or time on the couch
I don't want you to travel back in time
And come back
From the market. wanting to cry
I don't want Sunday afternoon
I don't want a swing in the garden
What I want
You cowardly heart…
Is that you'd risk your life for me
And I'd die with you
If you killed yourself
And I'd kill myself if you died
Because when love doesn't die. it kills
Because loves that kill never die
And I'd die with you
If you killed yourself
And I'd kill myself if you died
Because when love doesn't die. it kills
Because loves that kill never die
THE WORLD'S MOST DANGEROUS ANIMAL
CUZCO-PUNO
CUZCO
PUNO. 3827 METERS ABOVE SEA LEVEL
ANY NEWS ON ARIANA. LICHI?
NOT A WORD
UBERTO. HAVE YOU SEEN ARIANA?
NOT SINCE THE HUATIA
I haven't seen that woman.
I'm an Aymara. Where would she be?
THE LITTLE PRINCE
OF LOVE AND SHADOWS
LOCATION DETECTED
DEVICE FOUND
LOCATION: PARACAS - ICA. PERU
1064 KM. 6 METERS ABOVE SEA LEVEL
PUNO - PARACAS
THANKS FOR VISITING
THE LAND OF THE LITTLE BULL